build island rules


Rule 1.) Absolutely no NSFW (Not Safe For Work) or pornography is allowed. This is a server for ages 13+, and following Discord ToS guidelines prohibits exposure to pornographic material to minors. This includes pornographic imagery, conversation, etc. (Please read the Discord Tos guidelines here: https://discordapp.com/terms)

Rule 2.) Bigotry is not allowed here. This falls under usage of racial, LGBTphobic, xenophobic and ethnic slurs. This also includes racism, LGBTphobia, xenophobia and discrimination towards minorities and others. Hate speech also falls under this rule.

Rule 3.) Channels must be used only for their intended purpose. (e.x. do not chat in builds, as that channel is intended only for screenshots/videos of in-game creations, post your random memes and unrelated pics/gifs in random instead of general, etc.)

Rule 4.) Spam is not acceptable on this server. The threshold of spam includes any message that does not add value to conversation in any way, such as re-sending an image and/or text message someone else has just sent instead of just reacting to it. This is the only rule that does not apply to random, where you can spam until your heart's content.

Rule 5.) Advertising will not be allowed, this would include sharing non-Build Island groups, discord links, social medias, and anything that would be considered promotional. An exception of this rule would be build island related topics like showing updates to your builds, promoting your in-game servers, your Build Island-related discord servers, socials, modkits etc. Please note that appropriate links belong in their designated channels <#1039116443377205289> <#1038913815514984498> 

Rule 6.) This is a drama-free server and we’d like to keep it that way. If you want to argue with someone over petty or personal issues, take them into DMs or simply block the person to avoid seeing their messages. If you know something is NSFW/triggering to other people, or something that can easily disturb or anger them, do not include it in the server. This involves terrorism (terrorist attacks), political discussion, etc.

Rule 7.) Media, which includes GIFs or videos that crash the Discord application or other computer applications/websites are not allowed in this Discord server OR in Discord's TOS. Posting these will result in an instant ban. Keep them out of the server. If someone has sent you a crasher GIF or video without consent, DM an admin or moderator immediately. 

Rule 8.) No alts. If any non-permitted alt accounts are detected, they will instantly be banned on the assumption of ban evasion.

Rule 9.) Blatant swearing and cursing aren't allowed; no deliberate insults. This includes anything used to intentionally curse or harm fellow members (there is a fine line between insulting and giving criticism)
